                    Dory Protocol

x. Introduction

The Dory Protocol is a lightweight, text-based administrative 
protocol used to monitor and manage user activity on a SOCKS5 proxy 
server. It enables privileged clients to query user sessions, 
retrieve logs, and obtain system statistics 
over a simple TCP interface.

x. Basic Operation

Initially, the server host starts the POP3 service by listening on
TCP port 1081. When a client host wishes to make use of the service,
it establishes a TCP connection with the server host. The
client and Dory server then exchange commands and responses
(respectively) until the connection is closed or aborted.

Commands in the DORY consist of a case-insensitive keyword, possibly
followed by one or more arguments. All commands are terminated by a
CRLF pair. Keywords and arguments consist of printable ASCII
characters. Keywords and arguments are each separated by a single
SPACE character.

Responses in the DORY consist of a status indicator and a keyword
possibly followed by additional information. All responses are
terminated by a CRLF pair. There are currently two status
indicators: positive ("+OK") and negative ("-ERR"). Servers MUST
send the "+OK" and "-ERR" in upper case.

x. Commands

LIST

    Arguments: none

    Discusion:
        Returns a list of all known users or authenticated SOCKS5 
        sessions currently being tracked.

ADD-USER [user] [password]

     Arguments:

        user: username to register
        password: initial password

    Description:
        Adds a new user to the authentication database used by the 
        SOCKS5 server (if applicable). Returns error if user 
        already exists.

DELETE-USER [user]

    Arguments:

        user: username to remove

    Description:
        Removes the specified user from the system. Future SOCKS5 
        logins with that username will be denied.

LIST-USER [user]

    Arguments:

        user: username to inspect

    Description:
        Displays connection logs for the specified user. Logs may 
        include timestamps, source IPs, destination addresses, and
        connection durations

CHANGE-PASS [user] [current password] [new password]

    Arguments:

        user: target username
        current-password: current valid password
        new-password: new password to assign

    Description:
        Allows password changes for an existing user. Returns error
        if the current password is invalid.



HELP

    Arguments: none

    Description:
        Prints the list of supported Dory commands

STAT

    Arguments: none

    Description:
        Returns global server statistics, including:

QUIT

    Arguments: none

    Description:
        Ends the Dory session and closes the connection.


